# WIPRO-NLTH
### Solutions to Programming Questions Asked by Wipro National Level Talent Hunt Exam in Jan2021

1. Beautify Me - Given a integer barcode as an input, generate an aplhabetic string representing the barcode.
2. Number of Plots - The garments company Apparel wishes to open outlets at various locations. The company shortlisted several plots in these locations and wishes to select only plots that are square-shaped. Write an algorithm to help Apparel find the number of plots that it can select for its outlets.
3. The Past Book - We have to create an account on the social media platform called "ThePastBook". To create an account we have to input an username string without any digits in the string.  If the user enters an incorrect string containing digits the system automatically identifies the number of digits in the string and removes them. So, given a string "userName" as an input, return the number of digits occured in the input.
4. FunGames - "FunGames" is a balloon shooter game.  The balloons are arranged in a linear sequence and each balloon has a number associated with it.he numbers on the balloons are in fibonacci series. In the game the player shots 'k' balloons. The player's score is the sum of the numbers on the 'k' balloons. Write an algorithm to generate the player's score.
5. Feel Good - The apparel company "FeelGood" has collected a list of the sales values of the N highest selling brands of products during the festive season. Each brand is identified by a unique ID numbered 0 - (N-1) in the list. From this list the company wishes to determine the Kth largest sales value for a given day. Write an algorithm to help the company determine the sales value of the Kth largest selling product.
6. Buy Sell Goods - Write an algorithm to help the Buy Sell Goods company calculate the total sales value of the two highest selling products on its website.
7. Bucket ID - A data company wishes to store its data files on the server. They wish to store N files. Each file has a particular size.The bucket ID is calculated as the sum of digits of its file size. Write an algorithm to find the bucket IDs where the files are stored.
8. Bingo - A game company has designed an online lottery game, Bingo. In this game, N number cards are displayed. The values of these can be negative as well as positive. We have to write a program to accept N cards and determine 2 card values giving the highest product amongst all, and the return the sum of these two card values.
9. Climate Today - "ClimateToday" is a media company that provides commercial weather forecasting services. The first line of input consists of three integers - days, minRange, maxRange. The second line consists of N separated integers - temp1, temp2... temp N-1. Write an algorithm to help the company prepare the list of temperatures that are not included in the range min to max.
10. Keys - Given three numbers, write an algorithm to find the key using the mentioned formula. Formula:  key = [SMALLEST digit in the thousands place of all three numbers][LARGEST digit in the hundreds place of all three numbers][SMALLEST digit in the tens place of all three numbers][LARGEST digit in the units place of all three numbers]
11. Online Maths Tutorial - In an online maths tutorial a student is given a list of N numbers. Print N space-separated integers representing the sum of each element in the list.
12. Unique authors - An online book reading community's grid displays books in a specific format. Write an algorithm to help the community find the count of unique author's initials present in the given batch of books.
13. Pipes -  Andrew manages a pipe warehouse. He wishes to automate the process of transferring the pipes from the warehouse to the carrier truck. There are N pipes in the warehouse. In the automated system, a drone picks the pipes by length and carries them to the carrier truck. In each turn, the drone moves from left to right to find the pipes whose lengths are greater than the pipe on their left. The drone repeats this process until it has no more pipes to pick. Write an algorithm to output the list of pipes that will remain in the warehouse after the drone has completed this process.
14. Oil Factory - An oil factory has N number of containers and each has a different capacity. During renovation, the managerwishes to make different pairs for the containers in such a way that in the the first pair, the container of maximum capacity is paired with the container of minimum capacity, and so on for the rest of the containers. Write an algorithm to make different pairs of containers in such a way that the first container in the pair is of maximum capacity and second container in the pair is of minimum capacity. 
15. Toys Fun - The children's toy making company "ToysFun" is building cubic shaped learning toys. Write an algorithm to help the toy manufacturers find the total count of perfect cube numbers present in the list of dimensions.
16. Save Earth - The NGO SaveEarth is planting trees on a straight highway road. For this purpose, they have divided the road into virtual blocks. The NGO will plant the trees over the course of two days. The first block will be plowed on the first day and the second block will be plowed on the second day, third block on first day and so on. Write an algorithm to find the total fertility value of the blocks plowed on first day. 

Note: Each Program's complete program statement with sample test cases, explanation and outputs are uploaded in their respective folders.
